format: support for updating docker image (#720)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where **update-release-notes** would fail to bump new versions if the feature branch was out of sync with the master branch.
* Fixed an issue where a non-descriptive error would be returned when giving the **update-release-notes** command a pack which can not be found.
* Added dependencies check for *widgets* in **find-dependencies** command.

> * Added support for *update-docker* in **format** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a `update-docker` flag to **format** command.
```

for changelog consistency
